Rewrite the Hello World and Golden Path tutorials (#900)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/tutorials/get-started-with-ngo.md

            transform.position = new Vector3((float) Math.Cos(theta), 0.0f, (float) Math.Sin(theta));
        }
    }
}
```

4. Save the scene by selecting **File** > **Save**.

### Test the `NetworkTransform`

This section guides you through testing the `NetworkTransform` you added in the earlier section.

1. Select **File** > **Build And Run**.
2. Stop the player.
3. Launch the client and server together in a terminal as shown in [Test the command line helper](command-line-helper).

After the client and server spawn, you should see the player capsule moving in a circle on both the client and the server.

## Test Hello World

To see if everything works as expected, test starting a host in the Unity Editor. A host plays the role of a server and a client at the same time.

You can test your Hello World project through the Unity Editor or a command line helper. If you choose the latter, see [Create a command line helper](command-line-helper). Otherwise, see the following instructions to test through the Unity Editor.

1. Select **Play** from the top of the Unity Editor to start the scene.

2. Select **NetworkManager** from the **Hierarchy** list.

> 3. With NetworkManager selected, select **Start Host** from the **Inspector** tab. Alternatively, you can use the in0game GUI buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. With NetworkManager selected, select **Start Host** from the **Inspector** tab. Alternatively, you can use the in-game GUI buttons.
```
typo

---
id: get-started-ngo
title: Get started with NGO
---

Use this guide to learn how to create your first NGO project. It walks you through creating a simple Hello World project that implements the basic features of Netcode for GameObjects (NGO).

## Prerequisites

Before you start, ensure you have the following prerequisites:

- An active Unity account with a valid license.
- The [Unity Hub](https://unity.com/download).
- A NGO-supported version of the Unity Editor. See [NGO requirements](../installation/installation.md).

Before continuing, create a new project using Unity Editor version 2021.3 or later.

> ## Install Netcode for GameObjects

Reviewer: This content is already covered in https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/installation/install, which is already linked above. I think we could remove this section or just redirect to that other page here as well. Also, I suppose we should also replace the links from the installation page to the Hello World and Golden Path tutorials with links towards this new version?

Author: Oh, good shout. Yeah, I'll need to update those links.

2. Name the Capsule Object **Player**.
3. With Player selected, add a `NetworkObject` component in the **Inspector** tab by selecting **Add Component** > **NetworkObject**.
4. Right-click within the **Assets** folder under the **Project** tab, then select **Create** > **Folder**.
5. Name the folder **Prefabs**.
6. Make the **Player** object you created earlier into a prefab by dragging it from the **Hierarchy** tab into the **Prefabs** folder.

7. Delete the Player from the scene by selecting the Player capsule within the **Scene** tab, then pressing the **Delete** key.

:::tip
You can remove the `Player` object from the scene because you assign this network prefab to the Player Prefab property in the `NetworkManager` component. The library doesn't support defining a player object as an in-scene placed `NetworkObject`.
:::

8. Select **NetworkManager**.
9. With `NetworkManager` selected, locate the **PlayerPrefabs** field in the **Inspector** tab.

10. Drag the **Player** prefab from the **Project** tab into the **PlayerPrefab** slot you created in the **Inspector** tab.

:::important

> When you drop the prefab into the **PlayerPrefab** slot, you are telling the library that when a client connects to the game, it should automatically spawn this prefab as the character for the connecting client. NGO won’t spawn a player object if you do not have any prefab set as the **PlayerPrefab**.

Reviewer: I think we should move this to the beginning of the section, to clearly state the "why" before giving the detailed instructions. We could also directly link to this page for more info: https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/netcode/current/basics/networkobject#player-objects. We could also do the same and link to specific docs pages in the other sections of this tutorial

Author: Consider it done!

:::

11. Add a 3D Plane (centered at 0,0,0) to the scene by right-clicking in the **Hierarchy** tab, then selecting **3D Object** > **Plane**.

:::note

Adding the Plane adds a visual reference point to visualize the Player prefab’s position, but it isn’t necessary.

:::

12. Save the scene by selecting **File** > **Save**.

### Add your scene to the build

This section guides you through adding your scene to the build.

The **Enable Scene Management** for the `NetworkManager` setting allows the server to control which scenes should load for the clients. However, you must add the current scene to the build to enter Play mode.

:::note

The **Enable Scene Management** option for the `NetworkManager` is enabled by default.

:::

1. Open the Build Settings window by selecting **File** > **Build Settings**.
2. Select **Add Open Scenes**.

You should see **Scenes/SampleScene** listed under **Scenes In Build**. You can close the Build Settings window.

> 

Reviewer: Could be interesting to add a small bit here telling users to try out this build at this point with the command line helper to see how the player prefab is spawned when the client connects, or is that too early?

Author: It might be too early. It'd be neat, but it might clutter the content a little bit. Maybe we could add it as a collapsed note?

Reviewer: It could also be a single sentence, saying that testing is now possible with the command line helper and describing what it should look like (just having the player prefab spawn when connecting a client to the server, or starting as a host)

2. Select **Player**.

Add the `HelloWorldPlayer.cs` script to the Player prefab as a component:

1. With the Player prefab selected, select **Add Component** from the Inspector tab.
2. Select **Scripts** > **Hello World** > **Hello World Player**.

#### About the `HelloWorldPlayer` script

The `HelloWorldPlayer` class inherits from `NetworkBehaviour` instead of `MonoBehaviour`.

```csharp
public class HelloWorldPlayer : NetworkBehaviour
```

The `HelloWorldPlayer` class defines a `NetworkVariable` to represent the player's networked position.

```csharp
public NetworkVariable<Vector3> Position = new NetworkVariable<Vector3>();
```

The `HelloWorldPlayer` class overrides `OnNetworkSpawn`.

```csharp
       public override void OnNetworkSpawn()
        {
            if (IsOwner)
            {
                Move();
            }
        }
```

Any `MonoBehaviour` implementing `NetworkBehaviour` can override the Netcode method `OnNetworkSpawn()`. The `OnNetworkSpawn()` method fires in response to the `NetworkObject` spawning. The `HelloWorldPlayer` class overrides `OnNetworkSpawn` since clients and the server run different logic.

:::note

> You can override this behavior on any `NetworkBehaviour`.

Reviewer: This and the above line seem redundant with what is in lines 381-387

Author: Good catch. I'll keep the first instance of the information.

            transform.position = new Vector3((float) Math.Cos(theta), 0.0f, (float) Math.Sin(theta));
        }
    }
}
```

4. Save the scene by selecting **File** > **Save**.

### Test the `NetworkTransform`

This section guides you through testing the `NetworkTransform` you added in the earlier section.

1. Select **File** > **Build And Run**.
2. Stop the player.
3. Launch the client and server together in a terminal as shown in [Test the command line helper](command-line-helper).

After the client and server spawn, you should see the player capsule moving in a circle on both the client and the server.

## Test Hello World

To see if everything works as expected, test starting a host in the Unity Editor. A host plays the role of a server and a client at the same time.

You can test your Hello World project through the Unity Editor or a command line helper. If you choose the latter, see [Create a command line helper](command-line-helper). Otherwise, see the following instructions to test through the Unity Editor.

1. Select **Play** from the top of the Unity Editor to start the scene.

2. Select **NetworkManager** from the **Hierarchy** list.

> 3. With NetworkManager selected, select **Start Host** from the **Inspector** tab.

Reviewer: At this point of the tutorial we already have the in-game buttons, so we don't really need to use the ones in NetworkManager's inspector. This could still be useful at the point where we only have the player prefab and the plane setup.

Author: I'll add a note that they can use either. Or do you think I should favor the in-game buttons?

Reviewer: since one aim of the HelloWorldManager script was to replace the inspector buttons, I think we should favor the in-game ones
